# Title of the project
"Huginn"  - the freestyle quadcopter
# Authors 
- Zuzanna Przygodzka
- Bartosz Marszałek
# Description of the project 
Huginn is a tiny FPV quadcopter based on Meteor75 Pro Brushless Whoop from BetaFPV. Huginn is designed for either freestyle racing or precise indoor flights. Equipped with FPV camera, it allows pilot to observe surroundings from drone’s perspective.  
# Science and tech used 
As a flight controller (FC) – the brain of drone - we decided to use innovative **Matrix 1S Brushless Flight Controller**[1]. The FC is responsible for supervising flight, responding to signals from sensors and interpreting commands from radio controller (RC).  
The board includes additionally several important modules: four electronic speed controllers (ESC), Video Transmitter (VTX), On-Screen Display module (OSD) and Receiver (RX). An ESC control trust generated by individual motor. VTX transmit image from on-board camera to controller. OSD is an instrument which puts flight parameters onto image from camera. RX is responsible for communication with radio controller.  
Trust is generated by four brushless motors **BetaFPV 1102-22000KV**[2] equipped with three-blade 40mm propellers.  
The eye of (name) is **C03 camera**[3]. It is a tiny camera designed for mini-drones, which brings colourful video of 160&degC field of view with 1200 TVL resolution. It is attached to drone by predesigned canopy.  
Energy is accumulated in one **1S 450mAh 75C LiHV battery**[4]. The battery generate max 3.8V voltage and provide energy for up to 6.5 min of flight.  
All parts are attached to 3D printed frame.  

# State of the art 
A process of building quadcopter require the minimalization of mass. Especially for the tine ones this condition is crucial. In our drone instead of installing FC, ESCs, VTX etc. separately we decided to use innovative FC board with these modules included onboard. This solution allowed mass reduction to only 47g. Comparing with nominal thrust 180.2g it gives thrust to weight ration equal 3,9. This value corresponds to freestyle or racing drones.
# What next?
After manufacturing our very first quadcopter, the next challenge will be to create the other one with wider possibilities such as carring payload with measuring apparatus.
# Sources 
- [1] https://betafpv.com/products/matrix-1s-brushless-flight-controller?srsltid=AfmBOoog8c_bqsn3OfLnR4LQkqUS7Lojsr7q3-pHgbbi0c2ugo_Ceb8g
- [2] https://megadron.pl/pl/products/silniki-bezszczotkowe-betafpv-1102-22000kv-37mm-2022-4szt-niebieskie-31569.html?srsltid=AfmBOoo2UWl4C7dGkKnHxwzshirSEphGu9iqYTicPCQIs7Sa2zVdE4Zy
- [3] https://dronavista.pl/pl/czesci-BETAFPV/8838-kamera-fpv-c03-1200tvl-betafpv.html
- [4] https://megadron.pl/en/products/lava-series-1s-450mah-battery-1pc-29781.html?srsltid=AfmBOorizKWn0mtcniVnWCUVvzmR2Te7dEoLgjHWCLEVy5KBppuNokBO
